um what one thing do you think it's
gonna surprise people the most when they
come here and see everything I guess
just like how authentic is at least like
these sets are just completely identical
to two when they were we're filming and
I'm just saying all the details that
they'll ever really would have kind of
caught while watching the film and yeah
there's just so much to see here like
every major set every prop creature just
there's just so much to see I think what
will surprise people the most is
actually the volume of stuff that's real
as opposed to what they might have
thought was digital because you know the
place is just stuffed with it and also
the fact that everything is so detailed
on a movie very often you compromise the
finish of things because you don't need
to see certain things so close and all
of that and Don Potter from day one
everything was designed to be seen in
close-up and to be hyper real and so
when you come around you get the benefit
of that it's so great that they're not
wanting to be boxed up that most things
is is to people to actually see how much
talent and effort went into everything I
think that's beautiful I think the
amount of stuff that's here which has
been collected from all eight films the
detail how real stuff looks even under
under close scrutiny you know we see it
whizzed by on the film but here you can
stand and you can you can look at it and
take it in I think that's surprising and
I just saw how some of the things were
created some of the some of the tricks
of the trade as it were you know I think
that will surprise and intrigue people
well just little things like in the way
the house you can just you know
I do little things like that just why
not also they can go on broomsticks and
get involved interactive stuff so they
can know what feels like to fly as a
witch or was it um what else does she
scale of it I mean I forget his own but
I remember the first time I walked in
and it what it didn't even look it's
kind of sleek and nice this but just
walking around I was up what I'm never
gonna fun away and this I think is just
the sheer scale of it is kinetic tell
people i think i guess that there's a
lot of details that they did yep they
haven't been able to see and and
appreciate so much because you know me
as a harry potter friend I would have
thought I knew everything inside out but
and yeah there are definitely the little
details that you wouldn't have noticed
before and and and you just realize how
much work was put into it I think it was
super smart of us of why these films
take so long to make it's not like
people are being lazy it's like there
every day working at these little things
that don't often get seen will help
create the world and make you know the
environment and surroundings the magic
whatever yeah I mean it's not really one
item as such it's a collective of all
things that are real and physical I
think a lot of people would have watched
the Harry Potter films and thought
that's a computer that's a computer
whether it be Aragog or the basilisk or
even these cauldrons with the self
stirring spoon people who just think
it's a computer it's a lot easier to do
that way but it's not someone spent
months and a lot of money in time
creating it so it's going to be great
for kids especially to see that this
magic is real it's not you know smoke
and mirrors it actually exists